the guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
the chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
after waiting an hour and being seated, i was not in the greatest of moods.	0
on the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
my fiancã© and i came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
owner's are really great people.!	1
delicious and i will absolutely be back!	1
i had a pretty satifying experience.	1
great brunch spot.	1
we asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
i also had to taste my mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
i will be back many times soon.	1
total brunch fail.	0
eclectic selection.	1
penne vodka excellent!	1
the cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
con: spotty service.	0
great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with tv's.	1
we will not be coming back.	0
the waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
both of them were truly unbelievably good, and i am so glad we went back.	1
it was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
stopped by during the late may bank holiday off rick steve recommendation and loved it.	1
i could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
and the drinks are weak, people!	0
love the margaritas, too!	1
food was good, service was good, prices were good.	1
this place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
unfortunately, it was not good.	0
my sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
in fact i'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
this place lacked style!!	0
my husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
i was mortified.	0
this is an outstanding little restaurant with some of the best food i have ever tasted.	1
tonight i had the elk filet special...and it sucked.	0
the greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
poor service, the waiter made me feel like i was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
i would not recommend this place.	0
i did not expect this to be so good!	1
the decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
it wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
the first time i ever came here i had an amazing experience, i still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
ambience is perfect.	1
all of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
awesome selection of beer.	1
it was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
this place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
i had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
i'd love to go back.	1
not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
i'll definitely be in soon again.	1
all in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
i would recommend saving room for this!	1
as for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
we aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but i just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
pretty good beer selection too.	1
disappointing experience.	0
the veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
it was just not a fun experience.	1
they will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is eggplant with green bean stir fry, love it!	1
the chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
wow very spicy but delicious.	1
great subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other subway will not meet your expectations.	1
we had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
if that bug never showed up i would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
the sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
the food was terrible.	0
much better than the other ayce sushi place i went to in vegas.	1
the fried rice was dry as well.	0
food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
the steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
it's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
at first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
it was awesome.	1
never again will i be dining at this place!	0
they could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
very good, though!	1
my gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
an excellent new restaurant by an experienced frenchman.	1
i don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
today was my first taste of a buldogis gourmet hot dog and i have to tell you it was more than i ever thought possible.	1
definitely not worth the $3 i paid.	0
everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
i believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
i want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
all i have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
won't go back.	0
the place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
i immediately said i wanted to talk to the manager but i did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
it was absolutely amazing.	1
to my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods i have ever tasted.	0
our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
overall, a great experience.	1
hell no will i go back	0
i will not be eating there again.	0
i had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
first time there and might just be the last.	0
we ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
i seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
the chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
the food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
the poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
i don't think i'll be running back to carly's anytime soon for food.	0
you get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
in the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
dessert: panna cotta was amazing.	1
great food and awesome service!	1
the pizza selections are good.	1
a good time!	1
it was way over fried.	0
the food was very good and i enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
i *heart* this place.	1
the ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
so they performed.	1
we won't be going back anytime soon!	0
i love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
i was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
very poor service.	0
great food.	1
terrible service!	0
they have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
the chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
i never come again.	0
it was a pale color instead of nice and char and has no flavor.	0
needless to say, i won't be going back anytime soon.	0
food was great and so was the serivce!	1
over rated.	0
also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries i've ever had.	0
and the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
i probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
good service-check!	1
would come back again if i had a sushi craving while in vegas.	1
first time going but i think i will quickly become a regular.	1
just don't know why they were so slow.	0
after i pulled up my car i waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
the pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
rude & inconsiderate management.	0
interesting decor.	1
i checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
the pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
this one is simply a disappointment.	0
this is one of the best bars with food in vegas.	1
favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
great pork sandwich.	1
i ordered the voodoo pasta and it was the first time i'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
it shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
this place is disgusting!	0
spend your money and time some place else.	0
the selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
but then they came back cold.	0
the one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
there is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
the food is about on par with denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
the ambiance isn't much better.	0
best service and food ever, maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
when my mom and i got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
i hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
the buffet is small and all the food they offered was bland.	0
this place deserves no stars.	0
there is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
great time - family dinner on a sunday night.	1
the dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
in summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
the place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
after two i felt disgusting.	0
the staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
the burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
appetite instantly gone.	0
seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
definitely a turn off for me & i doubt i'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
on the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
the chicken dishes are ok, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
if you are reading this please don't go there.	0
both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
those burgers were amazing.	1
love this place, hits the spot when i want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
i had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
it really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
this isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
and it was way to expensive.	0
service sucks.	0
i mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
we waited an hour for what was a breakfast i could have done 100 times better at home.	0
you can't beat that.	1
the ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
this was like the final blow!	0
only pros : large seating area/ nice bar area/ great simple drink menu/ the best brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
food was average at best.	0
each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
this is a really fantastic thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
the food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
the sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
nice, spicy and tender.	1
- really, really good rice, all the time.	1
they have a really nice atmosphere.	1
what a mistake.	0
my boyfriend tried the mediterranean chicken salad and fell in love.	1
avoid this establishment!	0
bland... not a liking this place for a number of reasons and i don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. i'll leave it at that...	0
the food came out at a good pace.	1
she was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
host staff were, for lack of a better word, bitches!	0
at least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
it was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
the cashier had no care what so ever on what i had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
service is friendly and inviting.	1
i probably won't be coming back here.	0
i'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
the restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
the only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
i guess i should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the excalibur, but i didn't use my common sense.	0
this hole in the wall has great mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
service is quick and friendly.	1
which are small and not worth the price.	0
the servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "are you being helped?"	0
please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
the descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well none of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
the best place in vegas for breakfast (just check out a sat, or sun.	1
we won't be returning.	0
the scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
do not waste your money here!	0
we've tried to like this place but after 10+ times i think we're done with them.	0
their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
this is a good joint.	1
the burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
they have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
they brought a fresh batch of fries and i was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
definitely will come back here again.	1
he deserves 5 stars.	1
this place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is overpriced!	0
i will not return.	0
sauce was tasteless.	0
it's a great place and i highly recommend it.	1
the kids play area is nasty!	0
so we went to tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
and the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
they have great dinners.	1
i have been in more than a few bars in vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
they have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything i've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
i would avoid this place if you are staying in the mirage.	0
this place is not worth your time, let alone vegas.	0
great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
it was pretty gross!	0
the turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
these are the nicest restaurant owners i've ever come across.	1
wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
but i definitely would not eat here again.	0
the potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
the fries were great too.	1
one nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
if there were zero stars i would give it zero stars.	0
left very frustrated.	0
fantastic service here.	1
the meat was pretty dry, i had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
this was my first time and i can't wait until the next.	1
won't ever go here again.	0
food was really boring.	0
took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was luke warm, our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
i took back my money and got outta there.	0
lordy, the khao soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
this is a great place to eat!	1
nice ambiance.	1
i could care less... the interior is just beautiful.	1
i liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
this was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
would not recommend to others.	0
fantastic food!	1
overall, i like this place a lot.	1
perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
these were so good we ordered them twice.	1
this place was such a nice surprise!	1
they dropped more than the ball.	0
i think not again	0
gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
this place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the phoenix metro area.	1
for a self proclaimed coffee cafe, i was wildly disappointed.	0
hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.i watched staff prepare food with bare hands, no gloves.everything is deep fried in oil.	0
and then tragedy struck.	0
wow... loved this place.	1
food was delicious!	1
-drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
the jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
if it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
i don't have to be an accountant to know i'm getting screwed!	0
similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
the vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
so don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
this is some seriously good pizza and i'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
the food wasn't good.	0
* both the hot & sour & the egg flower soups were absolutely 5 stars!	1
service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
how can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, i don't understand!	0
this place should honestly be blown up.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
real sushi lovers, let's be honest - yama is not that good.	0
main thing i didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
my salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of palm.	0
omg, the food was delicioso!	1
-my order was not correct.	0
did not like at all.	0
2 thumbs up!!	1
so absolutley fantastic.	1
their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
i left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
despite how hard i rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
some highlights : great quality nigiri here!	1
for sushi on the strip, this is the place to go.	1
i have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
the bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
i had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
it was equally awful.	0
we walked away stuffed and happy about our first vegas buffet experience.	1
the chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
it was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
i went to bachi burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
omg i felt like i had never eaten thai food until this dish.	1
the goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what flavor!	1
sorry, i will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
the servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor pizza hut coupons.	0
and service was super friendly.	1
there was a warm feeling with the service and i felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
i would not recommend this place.	0
their chow mein is so good!	1
tasted like dirt.	0
overpriced for what you are getting.	0
on a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
if you look for authentic thai food, go else where.	0
we enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
the han nan chicken was also very tasty.	1
this place has it!	1
the service here is fair at best.	0
waitress was sweet and funny.	1
they also now serve indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
it was delicious!!!	1
the service was not up to par, either.	0
also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
it was probably dirt.	0
give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
my friend did not like his bloody mary.	0
the only downside is the service.	0
i live in the neighborhood so i am disappointed i won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
would not go back.	0
i paid the bill but did not tip because i felt the server did a terrible job.	0
the shrimp tender and moist.	1
overall, i like there food and the service.	1
the warm beer didn't help.	0
service stinks here!	0
i love their fries and their beans.	1
the wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
never been to hard rock casino before, will never ever step forward in it again!	0
service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
i was seated immediately.	1
i loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit italian pizza.	1
hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
both great!	1
the ambiance was incredible.	1
i tried the cape cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
we thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
by far the best cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
we could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
it is worth the drive.	1
first - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
it was packed!!	0
an hour... seriously?	0
terrible management.	0
the food was very good.	1
i'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
the real disappointment was our waiter.	0
my brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
i don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
reasonably priced also!	1
we loved the place.	1
the service was a bit lacking.	0
soggy and not good.	0
i recently tried caballero's and i have been back every week since!	1
i could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
but the service was beyond bad.	0
food quality has been horrible.	0
nargile - i think you are great.	1
generous portions and great taste.	1
very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
back to good bbq, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
we literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
what should have been a hilarious, yummy christmas eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
(it wasn't busy either) also, the building was freezing cold.	0
i had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
my girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
the whole experience was underwhelming, and i think we'll just go to ninja sushi next time.	0
the only thing i wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as i don't like it purã©ed.	0
a great touch.	1
the burger... i got the "gold standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
damn good steak.	1
extremely tasty!	1
service was good and the company was better!	1
once your food arrives it's meh.	0
some may say this buffet is pricey but i think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
the best place to go for a tasty bowl of pho!	1
everything was gross.	0
no one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
the ri style calamari was a joke.	0
very friendly staff.	1
the staff was very attentive.	1
that's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
the patio seating was very comfortable.	1
high-quality chicken on the chicken caesar salad.	1
awesome service and food.	1
i also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
this place is like chipotle, but better.	1
also, i feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
for that price i can think of a few place i would have much rather gone.	0
the atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
i waited and waited.	0
they really want to make your experience a good one.	1
so in a nutshell: 1) the restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
good food , good service .	1
however, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
they also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
i really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
no allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
as much as i'd like to go back, i can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
this place is a jewel in las vegas, and exactly what i've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
i will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
this is a great restaurant at the mandalay bay.	1
!....the owners really really need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
the selection of food was not the best.	0
the service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
how awesome is that.	1
anyway, this fs restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
lobster bisque, bussell sprouts, risotto, filet all needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
the steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
it also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was stale.	0
too bad cause i know it's family owned, i really wanted to like this place.	0
the roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
anyways, the food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
the owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
the cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
my first visit to hiro was a delight!	1
i can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
im in az all the time and now have my new spot.	1
went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
the staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
my fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
my friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
after 20 minutes wait, i got a table.	0
if you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time i'm in vegas.	1
this is a disgrace.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides costco's.	0
went for lunch - service was slow.	0
i dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
if you haven't gone here go now!	1
a lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar in her salad.	0
awful service.	0
the food, amazing.	1
talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
we had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
we are so glad we found this place.	1
best breakfast buffet!!!	1
i won't be back.	0
based on the sub-par service i received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business i won't be going back.	0
the bartender was also nice.	1
i don't know what the big deal is about this place, but i won't be back "ya'all".	0
the sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
i have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
will not be back!	0
everything was fresh and delicious!	1
i've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time i've stepped foot into this place.	0
the chains, which i'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
the food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
this is the place where i first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
eew... this location needs a complete overhaul.	0
point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
the atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
i have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
if you stay in vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
good prices.	1
i will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
but i don't like it.	0
overall i wasn't very impressed with noca.	0
i wouldn't return.	0
after all the rave reviews i couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
pretty cool i would say.	1
i had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so i will not be getting that again.	0
i wasn't really impressed with strip steak.	0
the fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
mediocre food.	0
he was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants i would love to dine at during a weekend in vegas.	0
i got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
- they never brought a salad we asked for.	0
always a great time at dos gringos!	1
waitress was good though!	1
ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
if you're not familiar, check it out.	1
waaaaaayyyyyyyyyy over rated is all i am saying.	0
the service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
waitress was a little slow in service.	0
overall i was not impressed and would not go back.	0
no, i'm going to eat the potato that i found some strangers hair in it.	0
i will come back here every time i'm in vegas.	1
best fish i've ever had in my life!	1
everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
good value, great food, great service.	1
total waste of time.	0
their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
total letdown, i would much rather just go to the camelback flower shop and cartel coffee.	0
i'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
after the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
thoroughly disappointed!	0
strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
what a mistake that was!	0
will definitely be back!	1
this place is good.	1
there is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
the food was excellent and service was very good.	1
this wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
i won't be back.	0
my boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
del taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
the jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
on the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
the yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
the grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
delicious nyc bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real lox with capers even.	1
my side greek salad with the greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
food was so gooodd.	1
this place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
don't bother coming here.	0
bacon is hella salty.	1
crust is not good.	0
i think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
the pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
your servers suck, wait, correction, our server heimer sucked.	0
weird vibe from owners.	0
delicious!!	1
i vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
for about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
the food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
all in all, i can assure you i'll be back.	1
from what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
the building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but i wouldn't eat here again.	0
i had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
we also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
what happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
when i received my pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
everything was good and tasty!	1
not a single employee came out to see if we were ok or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
the staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
will never, ever go back.	0
the flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
the shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
i was so insulted.	0
i am far from a sushi connoisseur but i can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
the service was poor and thats being nice.	0
omelets are to die for!	1
however, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
the price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
never going back.	0
the food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable and we got a great deal!	1
worst martini ever!	0
i'd say that would be the hardest decision... honestly, all of m's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
when my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
we won't be going back.	0
the tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
the folks at otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
the lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
very convenient, since we were staying at the mgm!	1
great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
i got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
the sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
don't do it!!!!	0
the croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
the worst experience ever.	0
this place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
i promise they won't disappoint.	1
service was slow and not attentive.	0
friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
it was not good.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
just spicy enough.. perfect actually.	1
this is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
the chicken i got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
then, as if i hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
the black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... unreal!	1
bad day or not, i have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
they know how to make them here.	1
prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
great pizza and salads!	1
i'm probably one of the few people to ever go to ians and not like it.	0
the ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
i give it 2 thumbs down	0
our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
the restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
the vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic thai.	1
worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..bunch of horrible name callings.	0
needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
the problem i have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
the burrittos blah!	0
the last 3 times i had lunch here has been bad.	0
i probably would not go here again.	0
at least think to refill my water before i struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
cant say enough good things about this place.	1
nicest chinese restaurant i've been in a while.	1
the sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as i have had.	1
the atmosphere here is fun.	1
if you want a sandwich just go to any firehouse!!!!!	1
service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is vegas and located inside the crystals shopping mall by aria.	1
conclusion: very filling meals.	1
the service was terrible though.	0
i really enjoyed eating here.	1
the feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
i had the chicken pho and it tasted very bland.	0
he also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
the manager was the worst.	0
i'm not really sure how joey's was voted best hot dog in the valley by readers of phoenix magazine.	0
i loved their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
i didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
sadly, gordon ramsey's steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to vegas.	0
probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
we definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
i love the pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the san francisco bay area.	1
worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
my wife had the lobster bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
maybe it's just their vegetarian fare, but i've been twice and i thought it was average at best.	0
we started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
i have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would i ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
we made the drive all the way from north scottsdale... and i was not one bit disappointed!	1
check it out.	1
i don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
the inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
the desserts were a bit strange.	0
google mediocre and i imagine smashburger will pop up.	0
he was terrible!	0
stopped by this place while in madison for the ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
this place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
just as good as when i had it more than a year ago!	1
the refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
it's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
the food is good.	1
we were promptly greeted and seated.	1
everyone is treated equally special.	1
what a great double cheeseburger!	1
horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
best buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
best tacos in town by far!!	1
so flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
i consider this theft.	0
the nachos are a must have!	1
this place is amazing!	1
seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
